How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Det gjorde det enklere fordi man ser med en gang hvilken linjer som er endret. Og da kan man fokusere kun på det som er endret.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Når man skal debugge gjør man seg selv mer effektiv ved å kunne sammenligne filer. Og få se tankegangen bak gamle valg.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

Git commit
Pros: You choose when to commit, when you mean there has been a significant enough change. You don't commit/save things that are not meant to be saved. Your commits have more meaning. So that when you go back versions you know what the change is.
Cons: You can forget to commit. 

Gdocs auto
Pros: You never lose anything. You are always working on the most up to date file.
Cons: If you want to go back to a specific point in time it becomes difficult to know what it is you are looking at. Your autosaved files might not have any meaning if they are saved mid-line.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Gdoc er laget mer for dokumenter og excel etc. Så det er ikke så nødvendig å sammenligne forskjellige filer sammen. Mens git er for koding. Da mange forskjellige filer har innvirkning på hverandre. Dermed er det lurt å kunne se hvordan endringer er gjort på forskjellige filer.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log shows you all of the history for the repository. It shows every commit by date.
git diff is used to compare two different files.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
I would feel more confident since i can revert back to old changes. If something doesn't work. Go back til a time where it did work.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I will try using it for my Intro Html classes.